Mom, are you okay?
Nan Nan has been busy
It's all over
We don't care about that
I didn't expect the best for me, so I'll try it
Ouch, I didn't expect the two of you to have such a good relationship.
I can't see it usually.
Why don't I just send you two to be banned?
What will you work on for a while?
Nonsense
Powerless people like you two
I can kill 10 with one palm
Lu Xiao won't let you go
Lu Xiao, can you still contact Lu Xiao?
Did you just find out?
The entire Heijiang City is under the control of my Tang family
This includes communications.
Your number.
It will never be so close to Lu Xiao's mobile phone.
What to call
Lu Xiao, why are you here?
So I told you.
Why hasn't Ruonan called me recently?
So it's your fault